docs: update mayastor installation steps (#62)
openebs/mayastor-docs: quickstart/deploy-mayastor.md

Before deploying and using Mayastor please consult the [Known Issues](https://mayastor.gitbook.io/introduction/quickstart/known-issues) section of this guide.
{% endhint %}

The steps and commands which follow are intended only for use with, and have only been tested against, the _latest release for version 2.x_. Earlier releases or development versions may require a modified or different installation process.

## Installation via helm

1. Add the `mayastor-extensions` helm repository.
{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Command" %}
```text
helm repo add mayastor https://openebs.github.io/mayastor-extensions/ 
```
{% endtab %}
{% tab title="Output" %}
```text
"mayastor" has been added to your repositories
```
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

Run the following command to discover all the _stable versions_ of the added chart repository:

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Command" %}
```text
helm search repo mayastor --versions
```
{% endtab %}
{% tab title="Sample Output" %}
```text
 NAME             	CHART VERSION	APP VERSION  	DESCRIPTION                       

> mayastor/mayastor	v2.0.0        	v2.0.0       	Mayastor Helm chart for Kubernetes

Reviewer: There's no v prefix

```
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

{% hint style="info" %}
To discover all the versions (including unstable versions), execute:
`helm search repo mayastor --devel --versions`
{% endhint %}

3. Run the following command to install Mayastor _version 2.0_.
{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Command" %}
```text
helm install mayastor mayastor/mayastor -n mayastor --create-namespace
```
{% endtab %}
{% tab title="Sample Output" %}
```text
NAME: mayastor
LAST DEPLOYED: Thu Sep 22 18:59:56 2022
NAMESPACE: mayastor
STATUS: deployed
REVISION: 1
NOTES:
OpenEBS Mayastor has been installed. Check its status by running:
$ kubectl get pods -n mayastor

> For more information or to view the documentation, visit our website at https://openebs.io.

Reviewer: As you've suggested I'm changing this link to https://mayastor.gitbook.io/introduction/

```
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

Verify the status of the pods by running the command:

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Command" %}
```text
kubectl get pods -n mayastor
```
{% endtab %}
{% tab title="Sample Output" %}
```text
NAME                                         READY   STATUS             RESTARTS   AGE
mayastor-agent-core-6d9d498df-kz6t4          1/1     Running            0          25m
mayastor-agent-ha-node-cx8vn                 1/1     Running            0          25m
mayastor-agent-ha-node-fc98l                 1/1     Running            0          25m

> mayastor-agent-ha-node-tdcfx                 1/1     Running            0          25m

Reviewer: will not be included on this release

Author: Removed it from the O/P.

Before deploying and using Mayastor please consult the [Known Issues](https://mayastor.gitbook.io/introduction/quickstart/known-issues) section of this guide.
{% endhint %}

> The steps and commands which follow are intended only for use with, and have only been tested against, the _latest release for version 2.x_. Earlier releases or development versions may require a modified or different installation process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The steps and commands which follow are intended only for use in conjunction with Mayastor version(s) 2.0.x.
```
We should aim to keep this branch (version/2.0) up to date and relevant to all patch versions of 2.0.  For 2.1 and beyond, there will be a new version of the documentation (e.g. version/2.1)

Author: Does make sense. updated it.

Author: Does make sense. updated it.

## Installation via helm

> 1. Add the `mayastor-extensions` helm repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Add the OpenEBS Mayastor Helm repository.
```
I think we shouldn't name the repository, since we may well change this in the near future.  The repo add command of course, can't be changed but its one less detail for the future.  Also, "Helm" is capitalised.

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Command" %}
```text
helm repo add mayastor https://openebs.github.io/mayastor-extensions/ 
```
{% endtab %}
{% tab title="Output" %}
```text
"mayastor" has been added to your repositories
```
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

Run the following command to discover all the _stable versions_ of the added chart repository:

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Command" %}
```text
helm search repo mayastor --versions
```
{% endtab %}
{% tab title="Sample Output" %}
```text
 NAME             	CHART VERSION	APP VERSION  	DESCRIPTION                       
mayastor/mayastor	2.0.0        	2.0.0       	Mayastor Helm chart for Kubernetes
```
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

{% hint style="info" %}
To discover all the versions (including unstable versions), execute:
`helm search repo mayastor --devel --versions`
{% endhint %}

3. Run the following command to install Mayastor _version 2.0_.
{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Command" %}
```text

> helm install mayastor mayastor/mayastor -n mayastor --create-namespace

Reviewer 2: I think we might need to be more specific. As given, I think the command installs the latest version of the chart, *whatever* version of Mayastor that might describe. It works whilst 2.0 (or 2.0.x) is the latest version of the Helm chart.  However, once we release v2.1, or v3.0 (or even v1.03) that won't be correct.

Author: Got it..I'll be updating it.

Author: The thing that I'll have to keep a note of is: with every new patch this command must be updated.

mayastor-csi-node-w86kw                      2/2     Running            0          25m
mayastor-csi-node-z6lc9                      2/2     Running            0          25m
mayastor-etcd-0                              1/1     Running            0          25m
mayastor-etcd-1                              1/1     Running            0          25m
mayastor-etcd-2                              1/1     Running            0          25m
mayastor-io-engine-72zp6                     2/2     Running            0          25m
mayastor-io-engine-gk7z2                     2/2     Running            0          25m
mayastor-io-engine-wfld7                     2/2     Running            0          25m
mayastor-loki-0                              1/1     Running            0          25m
mayastor-obs-callhome-5f47c6d78b-h7x98       1/1     Running            0          25m
mayastor-operator-diskpool-b64b9b7bb-m7l6c   1/1     Running            0          25m
mayastor-promtail-cw8lc                      1/1     Running            0          25m
mayastor-promtail-kbp4t                      1/1     Running            0          25m

> mayastor-promtail-xnhcm                      1/1     Running            0          25m

Reviewer 3: Nitpick: The "age" field in the sample output is 25m. Usually, we would want to check the status of pods sooner in the case of installation. You may want to consider reducing the age to 2m in the sample output.

Author: Updated.
